
Drakia. Part one. Atonement for guilt.

After we accepted the offer of the court baron, we go to meet him. Loa will not be allowed with us, so she will be behind bars( ;D), for now... after all, we are still prisoners. We go to the chambers of the baron, he is sitting in a chair, next to him is the water magician, Marius, his old friend from the first war with the orcs, who is taking care of his health. We speak with the baron. The baron is interested in what we are doing here, and why they killed his guards. GG says that he and Loa arrived from the port city of Khorinis (it's time to give it a name in B2), to ... ahem ... search for one person. And the guards themselves attacked us, and we only had to defend ourselves. From further conversation, we learn that after the first war, Rhobar granted him lands and a title, as a reward for his exploits, for he was one of the most famous and successful tacticians, despite the fact that he was only the commander of the Vengardian militia. Also, we learn that he has been very ill for many years, and only peace of care and magic allowed him to last so long ... And now the baron is looking for an ancient artifact that can cure him and grant him almost immortality. Also, the baron says that Drakia is on the verge of war, he will not be able, being mortally ill, to restrain the orcs, who have occupied all the borders, in the event of their massive invasion. And that they say the only reason why the orcs are not yet in Drakia is the reputation of the baron, whose small army during the first war defeated the superior armies of the orcs, and the orcs are very afraid of him and respect him, but, as they say, it is not far from respect to contempt. But first, in order to reveal all the cards to our hero, he must prove to the baron that he is worth something, and he can be trusted. The baron asks us to deal with everyday problems, which causes quite a lot of problems for his people, and after that, he will have mercy on us, and in order to be sure that we will not run away, he will leave Loa in prison ( ;D). The baron also says that his courtier will tell us about the rest, and he needs to rest.

We learn from the courtier that one of the influential farmers, Engil, has problems with the wargs and he needs help, they say the wargs did not go beyond the black forest before, but now they have become much bolder and seem to be smarter ... they only act in packs, attack as if on command , and someone's evil will. The Baron sent a detachment of guards to reconnaissance in the black forest, but since then there has been no news from them. Therefore, we have to go to the Angil farm, and start the investigation from there.

Arriving at the farm, we will just see the attack of a flock of wargs on the farmers, having dealt with them, we speak with Angil. From the conversation, we learn that it all started after the barrier collapsed, after a couple of days these creatures became bolder and smarter, although they used to be afraid to stick their nose out of the black forest. We also learn that in the black forest, at night, some silhouettes are visible ... which frighten all the workers, and as a rule, after them, the wargs attack the farm. Angil recommends that we find the hunters' house in the black forest, saying that perhaps the hunters are still alive.

There are quite a few "Fierce Wargs" in the forest, they are extremely strong and very dangerous.

Having found a hunting lodge, and several corpses of hunters, we search everything and find a diary of one of the hunters, from which we learn that the hunters tried to understand what changed the wargs so much, and in their search they stumbled upon ancient ruins, not large in appearance, which, judging by everything has long been buried in the ground, well, most of it. The hunters did not dare to go deeper, but only examined them a little from the outside, and found a strange amulet. Further all records in blood.    

We go to the ruins that the hunters described, having previously taken the amulet from the bodies of one of them. In the ruins we will see a strange altar, and opposite the pedestal in the ancient language of architects. From it we learn that once there was something like the "Druid Chapel", where the druids practiced their magic and conjured animals.

We use the amulet in front of the altar, at night, and the "Spirit of the Druid" will appear. Who will say that he is finally free, and will thank us, but the druid does not understand that he is a "corpse", and that we only freed his soul from imprisonment. We explain everything to him, of course he is in shock.
He also tells us what he remembers and what happened here.
It all started with the archdruid - Bellet, who was mired in the black magic of Beliar, and moved the souls of the killed druids and novices into the bodies of animals, and then subordinated them to his will. The druid will tell you that he is the only one who opposed Bellet, and all he remembers is a slight tingling in the abdomen, then only darkness. But apparently, the druid will mention that after all, someone interrupted his experiments, and killed him himself. We will say that apparently this Bellet still somehow continues to do evil. We explain everything to the druid, everything about the behavior of wargs. Then he asks to follow him. He will lead us to the sealed gate, deep into the ruins, and as a ghost, he feels that, apparently, the sealed tomb of Bellet is further away, well, or "was" sealed, he feels the presence of black magic. But what could break the seal of the golden priests? Of course, the release of magic after the explosion of the barrier, and now this bastard is alive, and continues to do evil in the form of a lich. Using wargs as a container for the souls of their servants, this is why wargs are bolder and smarter. Together with the druid, we break the seal on the doors, after losing all the strength of the druid's soul, evaporate. Inside we are waiting for a huge super-boss "Belleth, Ghost Varg". We defeat him, and now the evil is gone.

Returning to Angil, we tell that now he and his farm are safe, and to his question "How could you?" we will answer that it doesn't matter.

To be continued... this is just a small start! ;)
 

Drakia. Part two. Baron's trust.

After we finished with the fanatic druid in the black forest, and told everything to Engil, we return to the baron. Arriving in the city, we go to Luria, the baron's courtier, we tell him everything, and we find out that he has already ordered, and Loa was released, only that's where she is, and where she disappeared - that's another story.

After that, we are asked to go to the baron to get a "pass" in order to move freely around Drakia, and not get hit in the neck by the baron's next patrol. We also mention that the baron wanted to give us some important task. The Baron says that only when he is sure that we can be trusted, and only then will he share his secrets, and all we have done so far is redeem ourselves for killing his guards.

And so, gg can now go in all directions and do side quests / explore Drakia, or decide to help the baron in his questions, thereby gaining his trust, and understand what he’s up to ... Well, gg we have a man inquisitive, and agrees to all the tasks of the baron.
To begin with, the baron will ask you to find his friend Marius, a water mage who went to some ancient ruins in search of a temporary cure for the baron. The baron worries about his friend and asks him to find him, saying that he has been gone for too long, and it does not look like him.
We agree, after, the baron advises to contact the guards at the gates of the city, perhaps they saw him. The guards at the gate actually saw him, they said he went with two guards to the north. We ask what is in the north, and find out that there is some kind of ancient crypt. We go to the north, the crypt is located in a cave, because it and most of the ruins on Drakia strongly settled after the great flood of Adanos.

Here we find Marius, and two guards standing in front of the gates of the crypt. From a conversation with Marius, we learn that here is one of the 6 ancient crypts of architect commanders, and a certain Ai'Shat, one of the 6 architect commanders, is buried here. But now is not the time for stories, so there is nothing more for Marius to tell us. Asking why he is here, he will answer that according to the Chronicles, the commander has a certain artifact "Aegis of Creation" that can absorb the power of any creature and give its life energy and magic to the owner. But, the crypt is sealed with strong magic, and in order to open it, it would be necessary to invite a whole circle of magicians of water and fire from the mainland. But fortunately, there was a powerful barrier magic explosion recently, and the seal magic is very weak... press it a little and it will break. And for this, some powerful item would be useful ... as a focusing stone, such an object can be an ancient runic tile, with the help of its magic and the magic of Marius - the seal will finally break. We give the tile to Marius, and he begins the ritual, and then breaks the seal. But, because he is weakened after the ritual, he cannot go further, and allows us to take two guards with us ... because they are unlikely to meet us with flowers ahead. The crypt consists of three rooms, "Entrance" "Room of ablution" "Hall". In the crypt there are ancient guards who have sworn to protect the rest of their commander, and it will not be easy even for the strongest to cope with them. Also, the entrance to the chamber "Washing Room" is guarded by a super-boss, and the right hand of the commander during his lifetime is "Malek, the guard". So we have to solve the riddle, in order to eventually go further.

Then he will talk to us, and it will depend on our answers whether there will be a fight or he will agree to tell everything about the ancient artifact himself. In any case, we talked / killed, we get an ancient tablet from him, in which ATTENTION, the "First Arbiter" is mentioned, who many thousands of years ago stopped chaos with the help of the Aegis, and nothing more is written.
We bring this tablet to Marius, after reading it, he will say that he expected to find more here ... but just a piece of a tablet with some hints ... he will be very disappointed, because the baron's health is already running out ... but he will still be grateful for help, and ask to meet him and the baron at the castle.

To be continued ... then the most interesting will be - the history of the years. :S
